Previously on remember the wife of lot we wanted to invite you all of you
To the hall of the Sunday we have a special speaker. We'll have to talk about that
The safest road is to get a good job with a good company
Yeah, but should we be pushing Anna and Tina to succeed in this system?
We are living at a time when it is vital that we do not look back in a fair sense
Brian, this dog is going so well. You're gonna join us. Thanks for thinking of me Henry, but I can't accept it
Why not? This is a good opportunity and you need more income. You seem confident, Henry, but I'm sorry. I just can't accept it
You don't trust my investment strategy. That's it, isn't it? Just say so. Look you already know. I think your latest investments are risky
And no, I'm not gonna gamble my meager funds, but that's not it. Brian, the risk of money to make money
Don't you understand that even if there weren't any risk involved
I can't accept a job offer that's gonna take so much of my time and money Brian
I don't get it. All you have to do is sacrifice a little time for copper beers and you'd have all the money you need
Henry, I hope it works out for you. Okay, but I can't accept all right. Just just say hi to Jennifer for me. Okay. All right. Bye
Who's that? You're client? That was just your brother. He wants to give me involved in one of his investment businesses
But I don't have time or money for that. Well, I think we need to invest our money into something more secure like real estate
And we need to move across the town where we can network with more influential people
Is this your mom's idea because we can't afford this. We're already too much in debt. Well, look
We can mortgage this place and then rent it out. We're not taking full advantage of this opportunity
We need to put the kingdom first. I am putting kingdom first
But this is the time to think about our future. How many working years do we have left anyway
But if you don't plan ahead we'll end up living on the street
Why are you all dressed up like this? Are you going on service?
I'm going to real estate classes. What? We didn't talk about this. Why?
If you made her my money out in half too
We've never gone without go away. Do you have cash? I need you for taxi
Hey boys, I just heard your dad pull up
Start getting ready for dinner. Hey babe. How's it going? All right. How you doing? Good
What a day. Hey dinner's gonna be ready soon. So go wash up. Okay. Oh, all right. Yeah
Hey guys you want to wrap this game up? Just get ready for dinner. What did I just say?
Put this furniture back and get ready for dinner
Something important we got to talk about tonight
So what did you want to talk about that was so important?
All right. Okay. I've decided something
I decided that I want uh
Well, I want us all
To start studying the Bible together. What? You mean you want to become a priest? Come on Rick
It's Jehovah's Witnesses, isn't it, Dad? I borrowed your book
I liked it. Well, I think it's a good idea. You know, I really like those people
And it seems to be helping you Joe. You seem so much happier. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah, I am
So like I said, that's what I decided
But I really want us all to be in on this together
all right, so
What do you say boys? Sure, Dad
Right. Come on, Rick
Is that you?
Yeah, it is me
Gloria
What is all of this?
Ah, it's some new things that I pick up today. I made my first sale today, aren't you happy?
Yeah, yeah, that's that's great. We need the extra income, but it looks like you spent it already
Yeah, there's just a few things on good told me that I have to look professional to work for him
If I'm going to move up and attract the right type of off-skill client, I have to look the part, you know
But Gloria, I thought you were doing this just to get a little extra income for our necessities
How much time are you planning to spend on this as much as it takes
You can't be successful by working less. We already have a very full schedule with our spiritual routine
We have to make sacrifices for what's most important in life. You know that this new job. I'm worried
It may mean sacrificing time. We should be spending on spiritual things. What about your pioneering?
What about it? I can do both
Here you go, Joe, for a store
Good morning, sir. How are you?
Oh, you people again? Look, don't you have real jobs? I have a real job and you keep waking me up, okay?
I'm sorry Frank, forgive us. We didn't mean to upset you man. Joe?
Yeah, it's me, Joe. I didn't even recognize you man. How are you doing, Joe man?
How you doing? Sorry. I'm good. It's been a while.
It has. We used to work together back in the day.
It's the last time we saw each other. I think it was that time we were hauling that lumber.
Oh, and we were loading it and then it all fell over in the street and it took us forever to clean it up and it was terrible.
What you should have saw was how mad this guy was so mad man. You almost see the fumes coming out of his ears.
Yeah, that was the old Joe Frank. Looks like I got a new Joe here though. You all dressed up.
Yeah, everything will bring you back. Well, actually we have some good news. We'd like to share with you.
Good news, huh? Okay, I like good news. Well, why don't you come on in and I get some beers and we can talk about this good news.
But no thanks on the beers this morning. Oh, okay. Welcome on in here.
Okay. This place is so big and fancy. I couldn't make so much money if I closed this deal today.
Uncle, so proud. It's so proud now. I'll tell all my relatives what a big, important real time I got.
Did she accept the internship with your cousin's business? You know how hard I work to set it up.
I know mom. Thank you so much for everything. She starts next week.
You make me so happy. There's something else. If I make the sale today, I'll have enough to make down payment
on the bigger apartment that I told you about the one on the east side.
The fancy one your uncle's from owns? Yes, that one.
Mmm. I'm so excited. I know me too. I can't wait to tell everybody.
Mom, I think my clients are here. I gotta go. Talk to you later, okay?
Okay, okay. Congratulations. Thanks brother Williams. Thanks so much.
Really proud of them all. Yeah, so am I. Well, how have you been? You know, we've been good.
Just like Jesus said, we always have enough to pay the bills and sometimes even a little extra.
What do you think? That's right. Congratulations.
Oh, thank you. Thank you so much. I'm so happy for you.
Yeah, but hey, I know it's just the beginning.
Really? So what's next?
Actually, I want to learn sign language. Wow.
Maybe join the congregation. Hopefully pretty soon.
That sounds exciting. Good for you.
I've been teaching myself so far. Yeah.
As far as I've gotten is I'm learning sign language, and that's all I know.
That's very impressive. You gotta start somewhere.
Yeah, that's true. Tina, I was just congratulating Wiki.
Hi, Tina.
Hi, Gloria. Hi, brother Williams.
Hi, Gloria.
Good. I love to talk to you, but I have an appointment. I gotta go.
Oh. Talk to you later, okay?
Oh, okay.
Brian, where's Gloria going? Is she okay?
Oh, yeah, brother Williams. She had to leave.
Gloria's going to catch the rest of the assembly next week.
It's just been so busy with her real estate job lately.
We needed extra money.
You know, we moved into a better place over on the east side of town and
well, I'm working a little bit more too.
I'm just trying to make her happy.
True happiness, Brian.
Joy, it's spiritual.
You can't satisfy spiritual needs.
With material things.
I know, brother Williams, but this extra stress, it's just temporary.
I've thought it all through.
We've prayed about it and we've asked for Jehovah to bless this decision.
Now, you know, Brian, Jehovah God cannot bless a decision
if it is not in harmony with as well.
Look at yourself. You don't seem happy.
Well, what can I do now?
Do all you can to protect your family spiritually and to save your girls?
I appreciate the encouragement, brother Williams.
You know, it seems like it's been a while since we've been able to talk like this.
Oh, it has been.
If you're not busy, would you be able to come over and join us for dinner tomorrow night?
You know, I would love to do that.
Why don't you text me your new address and the time
and I'll look forward to seeing you tomorrow.
That sounds good.
That sounds great.
Excellent.
I look forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Can I help with anything?
Oh, yeah.
Can you put the lemon in the water?
Okay.
Hey, guys, brother Williams is going to be here any minute, okay?
And Anna and her friend from the North Courageant's supposed to come too, right?
Yep, let's plan.
Thank you, Tina.
Hi, Tina.
Come on in.
How are you?
Good.
It's good to see you.
Brother Williams, you're rated.
Thanks for coming over us.
Thanks for the invitation.
Very nice.
Welcome.
Hi, Gloria.
Hi, brother Williams.
I think I get lost in this big apartment.
Well,
Jovo blessed us for our hard work.
Really, it just means longer hours on the job and more work around the house.
You know the other day in Phil's service, we passed by your old house.
I like that place.
I remember our nice visits there.
I knew too.
That was a great place.
Well, Tina, do you want to show brother Williams around while he finished the coffee?
Okay, come on in.
Brother Williams likes the old place.
Seems like he likes here too.
That all seems very nice.
What do you think of this place, Tina?
Well, honestly, I wish we never left the other place.
Really?
Why do you feel that way?
Everything's so different here.
Everything has to look good for you to fit in.
You have to wear the nicest clothes.
You have to drive the most expensive car.
Everything's, it's just, it's just different, that's all.
Yeah, you know, I understand.
I was about your age when we moved into a new neighborhood.
And it can certainly be challenging.
But you know what, my help.
And you said a new goal.
Okay, like what?
Well, what do you think?
What interests you?
Well, I was thinking of learning a new language.
Really?
That's an excellent goal.
What do you think of Ricky learning the same language?
Oh, I think it's really exciting.
I do too.
You know, he is really making the truth his own.
And he keeps on applying himself.
Jehovah God has gone to really bless him.
Yeah.
I was hoping to see Anna.
Is Anna here?
Oh, she's with Kevin.
Kevin?
Kevin, who?
Kevin's one of our relatives.
They worked together at a pharmaceutical company.
He's a pretty nice guy and from nice family, too.
Tina, are you okay?
How do you think Anna's doing?
She's, she's going through different things right now.
We invited her friend over from the other congregation
to maybe encourage her.
That's nice.
But you know, I have to commend you
because you're doing so well spiritually,
keeping up with your spiritual routine.
And you think about learning a new language so you can help out.
Keep up to go work.
Don't give up.
But Tina, we're not going to give up when you're sister.
She has a potential of being a fine servant of Jehovah.
And she has a good heart.
I'm confident that in time, she's going to make the right decision.
For the Williams, here's your coffee.
Thank you.
Sorry for the Williams.
I have to finish getting ready.
Well, this looks really good, Anna.
Good job.
Really?
Thanks.
Hey, we're still behind schedule, though.
So, I'm going to have to ask you to work overtime with the rest of the team.
Just till we get caught up, okay?
But I can't tonight.
I have a family dinner.
I have to go to.
Dinner, Anna.
If you want to be successful, work needs to come first.
I have a one else that's doing it.
I'll text my mom until I can't make it.
Good.
Don't worry.
She'll understand.
It's not my mom.
I'm worried about.
It's my dad.
He doesn't want me working late anymore.
Fine.
I'll cover for you.
We're all working late anyways.
So, I'll give everyone right home and afterwards we'll step in for a few minutes.
And I'll explain that's all my fault.
Okay?
So, does this mean we're going to meet those uptight parents of yours?
They're not that uptight.
I'm kidding.
Lighting up.
Hey, Anna's family is pre-conservative.
So just be careful what you do say.
This should be interesting.
Tess, just be nice, okay?
I had a really good time tonight.
I'm glad brother Williams can make it.
Yeah, it was pretty nice.
Yeah, I think he had a good time too.
Yeah.
Hi.
It's a customer taking our shoes off, so.
Oh, okay.
Hey, Kevin's here, Tessa.
Come with me guys.
I know Kevin, but who are your friends, Anna?
Oh yeah, Mom, Dad, this is Tess and Eric.
We're in the same interim program.
Nice to meet you all.
Come on in and have a seat.
Anna, come here.
Um, would you like some?
Anna, you missed dinner with brother Williams tonight.
And your friend from the North Car Engageant,
she came to what happened.
That, I know, but we had to work late.
I sent Mom a text.
Anna, I was trying to do something spiritually encouraging for the family.
We're worried about you, honey.
Okay, Dad, I'm sorry, but it's no big deal.
It's just that the new medication we're working on,
it goes to market soon.
It's really important.
It could save people's lives.
No big deal.
Anna, first of all, you know only God's kingdom will solve our problems.
These kids in your work,
it's getting in the way of what's most important.
That these kids are on my team and they understand what I'm working on.
The brothers don't, way over their heads.
Anna, don't you see they're changing now?
Would you relax?
Just go talk to them, okay?
You know, I really wanted to apologize to both of you.
It's my fault that Anna's late today.
I asked the entire team to work overtime so we could get caught up on schedule.
But just let you know, she's doing really good.
And we really do enjoy having on the team.
Okay, thank you.
You know, not just that.
She's working with some good people.
Tess and Eric, there's some of the best up-and-coming talents we have in the field.
Your parents must be really proud of you,
but my mom's are both really proud of me.
I was raised by two wonderful women,
you know, life partners.
Oh, yeah, um, you know, my assistant Marty,
I recently found out that he's gay.
You say that like there's something wrong with it.
Do you have a problem?
Tess, don't do this.
Why?
There's nothing wrong with being gay.
Tess, we live by the Bible's moral standards,
but we don't force our beliefs on other people
and we don't judge anyone either.
But you do think being gay is wrong.
Eric, remember where we're at?
Well, we believe there are standards of right and wrong
that we should live by.
And God's word says that sex is meant to be between a man and a woman
who are married to each other.
Hey, look, I don't mean to be rude, sir,
but the world has changed.
Annie, maybe we're being too harsh on gays.
Some people just seem to be programmed up.
Look, I know not everyone agrees with us,
but we all have free will.
And God lets us choose to live by his standards or not.
If we go against his standards,
we end up hurting ourselves.
He just wants what's best for us.
Anna, what about you?
Do you agree with your father?
Well, you know, we actually have another project to do tomorrow.
It's probably best that we get going.
Wait, at least let me walk you guys outside.
So this is our Anna's association?
Hey, they're just kids.
Kids talk like they know everything.
Our Anna believes them.
Okay, so I think you have all the invoices, right?
I gave you all the receipts, right?
Yep, just got a couple more steps.
Okay, Joe, your books are clean.
I have no more concerns and amazingly, you're out of debt.
Amazingly.
I don't think so, man.
It's like you've always said, if you do things,
Jehovah's Way, right?
He'll help us.
Hey, I got to go.
You've got everything that you need.
I think it looks good.
So I'm just going to leave, okay?
Oh, all right.
Okay, hey, Brian.
Can you stick around for another minute?
There's something I need to talk to you about.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, thanks.
Look, Brian, I owe you a huge debt of gratitude, man.
I was thinking back on when we first started studying.
You remember that?
I had all sorts of issues with my life, my family, my business, and
my whole life was messed up.
And one of the things that you always talked to me about
was Matthew 624.
You remember that?
No one can serve two masters.
You cannot slay for God and for riches.
I'm sorry, Joe.
I'm not getting it.
What are you trying to say?
Well, I guess what I'm trying to say is, I'm concerned about you.
About me?
Yes, yes, about you and your family.
And I'm not talking about financially, right?
I'm talking about spiritually.
I mean, you're the one who always taught me never to cave into other people's
expectations of me.
And now it seems like you're the one who's doing that.
What, man, what are you talking about, Joe?
Brian, your whole life is changing, man.
And not for the better.
Look, it's written all over your face.
Listen, you have no idea how much pressure Gloria is putting on me.
You don't know what it's like to try to balance two lives, two worlds,
and try to make it work.
Oh, man, you're right.
You're right.
I don't know what that's like.
So don't tell me about not changing for the better.
Brian, all I know is what you taught me.
And what you taught me was good, man.
You made me look at myself, my family, my whole situation.
And I had to ask myself, do I really know God?
Am I truly happy?
I mean, what you taught me, Brian, it gave me something new, the new world.
It opened that up to me.
It gave me and marrying the kids.
It gave us all something to live for, Brian.
But now when I look at you, my teacher, my brother, my friend,
all I see is an unhappy man.
So I thought it'd be a kind thing to help you, the way you help me.
Brian, I made those changes in my life.
The repairs that you helped me to make.
So I just thought you could use a little reminder yourself.
Because frankly, you're not the same person that I once knew.
Man, I gotta go.
Thanks for listening.
Next time on, remember the wife of life.
The way you live reflects on me.
You must learn to keep your religion in its place.
You could resolve this very easily.
Do you understand?
Think of all we taught the girls when they were little.
About putting Jehovah ahead of everything else.
This is your copy here.
Okay, thank you.
Okay.
Director Williams, this is a nice surprise.
I haven't seen you since you were overseeing our division.
But I mean, what brings you here?
Maybe have a moment.
I'd love to tell you about it.